# Troubleshooting

## Logging out users

If there are many 404 errors on the page, WebJET turns on protection and sets a low limit `session timeout` for the given IP address (protection against `DirBuster` / dictionary attacks). The limit can be increased by setting the configuration variable `spamProtectionHourlyLimit-404`, but it is better to solve the problem with missing files/images on the page. If this problem occurs, you can look in the Data Deletion / Cache Objects module and look for the variable `404-viewCount-IP-ADRESA` and see how many attempts are counted there. If the value exceeds 150 (which is the minimum value for which the number is checked), a low session is set. The behavior is slightly different for a domain name containing `cms` in the name, for example if you use the domain `cms.domain.com` to manage the page. In this case, `session` is not immediately canceled, but `session timeout` is set for 300 seconds. The protection can also be disabled by setting the IP address in the configuration variable `spamProtectionDisabledIPs`, but this also has the additional impact of disabling other SPAM protections. However, by adding the IP address to this list, you can easily diagnose whether this is the problem. This protection is also disabled for administrators.

Another possibility when this happens is that the user's IP address changes, WebJET checks for the change of IP address `session` as protection against session hijacking. This can happen if a proxy server with multiple IP addresses is used, or if the user switches between WiFi and wired connections. You can set the configuration variable `sessionStealingCheck` to the value `false` to disable this protection, but this reduces the security of the system.